( indistinct angry voices )
Doctor?
Oh, hello, Quark.
Oh...
Let me guess--
eavesdropping
on the battling O'Briens.
Don't be ridiculous.
Such language.
Oh, I hope Molly's
not around.
You can hear what they're
saying in there?
How could I not?
Well, what are
they saying?
Let's use a little
discretion, shall we?
( argument continues )
He's done something.
She's outraged.
He thinks she's overreacting.
She thinks he's trying
to run her life.
Pretty boring, actually...
but to hear them,
you'd think it was a matter
of life and death.
Hello, Julian.
( gasps )
Hello.
Quark.
Mrs. O'Brien.
I thought you said
the O'Briens were
arguing in there.
Not Miles and Keiko--
the other O'Briens,
Miles and Kira.
What do they have
to argue about?
Miles hid Kira's
springball racket
because she's
carrying his baby
and he doesn't want her
taking any risks,
and she doesn't want him
controlling her--
( voices continue )
What?
Keiko made them stop.
Now they're in the "let's talk
this out and share our feelings"
part of the fight.
Show's over.
Oh, well.
I mean, good.
It is the power
of his voice,
the strength
of his intonation,
that make Barak-Kadan
a great singer.
There are none like him.
None as boring anyway.
He never varies
his performance,
not even
by a half-tone.
I prefer traditional
opera performed
in the traditional manner.
You know, for a Klingon
who was raised by humans,
wears a Starfleet uniform
and drinks prune juice,
you're pretty attached
to tradition.
But that's okay.
I like a man riddled
with contradictions.
That's
a welcome sight.
The peace talks
must be going well
if the Klingons are
back on the station.
Worf?
Did you see her?
The Klingon woman?
She was glorious.
Her?
She's okay.
I have never
seen such a woman.
Who is she? What
House is she from?
I do not recognize
her family crest.
( laughing )
She is a friend of the Ferengi.
Now I remember who she is.
Her name is Grilka.
And she's not just
Quark's friend...
she's his ex-wife.
Maporian ale with just
a hint of pazafer,
as I recall.
You remember.
I'm honored.
How could I forget?
You're the only
Klingon I know
who drinks something
besides bloodwine...
or prune juice.
Prune juice?
Forget it.
To the House of Grilka.
May it continue to be
as strong and as proud
as its lady is beautiful.
You may not have been
the ideal husband,
but you are an
excellent bartender.
I know of no greater
compliment.
So...
what brings you to my
humble establishment?
Business or pleasure?
The recent hostilities between
the Federation and the Empire
have been very costly
to my family.
We have suffered great losses
in ships, lands, warriors.
War-- what is it good for?
absolutely nothing.
If you ask me,
The financial cost
was significant.
I have an idea.
Why don't I take a look
at your financial records?
I know that's not
why you're here.
I'm sure it's simply
a social visit,
but maybe I could help.
Very well.
allow you access to the records.
If it pleases you, I will
Thank you.
Hear this, Ferengi.
Help Grilka and you live.
Fail...
and I will
kill you myself.
And even though
it was an accident,
Quark took credit for killing
Grilka's husband.
Why?
As a way of boosting
business at the bar.
And it worked.
But then Grilka
kidnapped Quark
and took him back
to the Klingon Homeworld
and married him.
Why?
I'm getting to that.
As a woman, Grilka was
forbidden to lead her House.
By marrying Quark, she could
retain control through him.
Eventually, she convinced
the Council to give her control
and she divorced Quark
on the spot.
As far as I know,
that's the last time
they saw each other.
A marriage
of convenience.
Certainly for Grilka,
but I'm not sure
how convenient
it was for Quark.
His opinion is
of no consequence.
He is unworthy of
such a prize as she.
Worf, it sounds like you have
a bad case of par'Mach.
SISKO:
Is that contagious?
par'Mach is the
Klingon word for love,
but with more
aggressive overtones.
Love? Worf?
Stranger things
have happened.
Especially around here.
This should alleviate
Kira's sneezing.
Should?
Bajoran women have been
sneezing their way
through pregnancy
for over 100,000 years.
You can't expect me
to cure it overnight.
You know,
I heard a rumor
that the Jerries
might be trying
to cross the Channel
this evening.
Maybe we should
have a surprise
waiting for them.
Serves you right.
I can't go
to the holosuite tonight.
Kira and I have some things
to work out.
Still fighting, eh?
Who says we're fighting?
Well, word gets around.
It's a small station.
It's a huge station.
Obviously
not huge enough.
Well, for your information,
we are not fighting.
Glad to hear it.
Bajoran takeo herbs
for Kira's swollen ankles.
She'll need to dissolve them
in some kind of fruit juice
before ingesting them.
I hope they
taste better
than those makora
herbs you gave her.
all her medications?
Are you sampling
No... Kira didn't
like the taste.
Oh, by the way,
I almost forgot.
She, uh...
on the back of her thighs.
she has a... a rash
Do you have a salve
or something?
How long has she had it?
Well, I noticed it yesterday
when I was helping her out
of the bathtub
so she's had it at least a day.
Helping her out of the tub?
She's living in my house.
She's having my baby.
So, uh, did you look?
What?
Oh, please.
I was holding a towel up
in front of her.
How does Keiko feel about you
helping Kira out of the tub?
Keiko feels fine about it.
You see, we are adults.
We've developed a close,
mature relationship.
that Keiko and Kira have,
I'm sure
but you...
What about me?
I'll bet you looked.
( quietly ):
I will apologize for
this at a later time.
( loudly ):
You are in my seat!
Bartender!
Bloodwine!
What is that smell?
Is there a pile of
rotting forshak in here?
Or is it you?
Stand when I talk to you!
Or do you think it is funny?
mev yap!
Worf, son of Mogh.
Come. Join me.
Challenging Thopok
to a fight
is a waste of time.
Grilka cannot mate
with you, now or ever.
Your House is dishonored.
Your name is a curse.
I meant no disrespect.
You showed none.
I'm sure your motives
were honorable.
Do not let it
trouble you too much.
In truth, I doubt it would
have been a good match.
Why?
Have you ever pursued
a Klingon woman?
No.
There's no shame in that.
You were raised by humans.
You wear their uniform.
You accept their values.
How could you know anything
about our women?
You'd be surprised what I know.
Perhaps.
But we will not
find out here.
( loudly ):
It is the wish
of the Lady Grilka
that you leave us
now, son of Mogh,
and do not return.
I am a fool.
You're in love.
Which I suppose
is the same thing.
You're making too
much of this, Worf.
Tumek said that Grilka
wasn't offended.
There is no flattery
She was probably
flattered.
in a great lady
being courted by a traitor.
Is that what's really
bothering you?
Or is it that Tumek said
that you didn't know
anything about
Klingon women,
and you're afraid
he's right?
( door opening )
What do you want?
if that's all right with you.
I want to talk to Dax,
( grumbling )
I need help.
Grilka invited me
to dinner,
and I need to brush up on
Klingon manners and protocol.
She invited you
to dinner?
In her quarters.
A private dinner.
A very private dinner.
( whispering ):
What's wrong with him?
He's having a bad day.
QUARK:
Oh, that's a shame.
Well, when Grilka and I
were married,
there wasn't a lot of, um...
affection involved.
So, what does a Klingon woman
expect from a man?
Are there any secret
Klingon phrases I should know,
or do we just leap on each other
like a pair of crazed voles?
Quark,
Klingon mating rituals
are very... involved.
It's not just
a one-night affair.
Two nights.
Whatever.
Look, I'm serious.
we have something...
Grilka and I,
I'm not sure what.
But I want to pursue it.
For sex?
Well, yeah, that, too.
No!
But there's more.
She's glorious.
So I hear.
Look... if you're serious
about this,
then you have to take it
slow at dinner.
No innuendoes.
No staring at her cleavage.
So what do I do?
You talk.
about her family's history
You ask her
and their accomplishments.
a great sign of respect.
She'll consider this
Respect?
Okay, okay.
I can do that.
Anything else?
the Mekro'vak region.
Grilka is from
It is customary among her people
the leg of a lingta
that the man bring
to the first courtship dinner.
as if you have just killed it.
Make sure it's fresh,
Then use the leg to sweep aside
everything on the table
and declare in a loud voice,
"I have brought you this!
"From this day,
I wish to provide food
for you and your House.
is to share your company
"All I ask
and do honor to your name."
Then what?
Well, either she accepts
your offer...
or she has her bodyguard
shatter every bone
in your body.
Sounds reasonable.
( Kira sighing )
So did your father
just sit you down one day
and say,
"All right, Miles.
"It's time to teach you
about massaging
pregnant women"?
It's an O'Brien
survival technique.
My mother hated
being pregnant.
My father's massages
were the only things
that kept her
from killing everyone.
Sounds like me.
Pretty much.
She didn't swear
in Bajoran,
but she did like to use
what she called
"descriptive phrases."
KIRA: Are those
my uniforms?
Garak finished the alterations
and...
he sent these along.
the insoles will help your feet.
He guarantees
Ow, ow...
ow!
very convincing.
That wasn't
I think she's actually
enjoying it, Miles.
if you want her to suffer.
You better press harder
Harder, it is.
Ow, ooh!
You are a sadist,
Miles Edward O'Brien.
Was your father
this cruel to your mother?
Worse. I'd swear sometimes
you'd hear her screams
halfway across Ireland.
The neighbors didn't know
whether to be worried
or titillated.
( laughs )
Oh...
here.
( sighs )
You miss Ireland?
You know, if you'd
asked me that a year ago,
I would have said no,
but lately,
and I don't know why,
I've been daydreaming
about home.
Maybe I'm getting
nostalgic in my old age.
Mmm.
You've got leave coming.
Take three weeks and go.
If I left, who'd give you
foot massages?
Take me along.
I can think of worse things
three weeks in Ireland with you.
than spending
Me, too.
Don't stop
on my account.
Oh, right.
( Klingon opera
playing loudly)
♪ BOW-cha-daay ♪
FEMALE SINGER:
WORF AND MALE SINGER:
♪ KEY-cha-day ♪
♪ Me-Yo-ca-BEEN-eva-kaa-MOR ♪
♪ LING-tomaH ♪
♪ oH-ma-do-VEE-kos ZO! ♪
♪ oH-ma-do-VEE-kos ZO... ♪
( clears throat )
( shuts off music )
I'm not going to ask.
Look, I came here to
thank you for last night.
Grilka loved it--
all of it--
everything I did.
Everything I said
was perfect.
So, I know nothing
about Klingon women.
She said I had the heart
of a Basai Master--
It is a poet.
whatever that is.
A poet? I guess
I can live with that.
What else happened?
She spent
about an hour
talking about her
family history--
a rather long
and bloody tale,
but what else is new?
Then, we ate
the lingta--
which tasted
really bad--
listened to some noise
which she called
Klingon music,
and then I left.
A perfect evening.
Mmm.
Almost.
Her bodyguard was giving me
threatening looks all night.
That is to be expected.
The idea of a Ferengi
courting a great lady is...
offensive.
You know, it's
attitudes like that
that keep you people
from getting invited
to all the really
good parties.
"The heart
of a Basai Master..."
She said that?
Could I make that up?
I'm telling you, Worf,
she responded
perfectly.
You really have the key
to this woman's heart.
The question is:
Can you help me unlock it?
Yes, I can.
We have work to do.
( grunting and groaning )
( Quark yelling )
( grunting )
( groaning )
( screaming )
DAX:
Quark.
( yelling )
MoVas ah-kee rustak!
WORF:
Kosh tomaH.
Kosh tomoh...
tomaH ehpaq Lukara kaVeir.
I mean,
Ish-tovee chuCH thling nuq?
Besh...
besh-opar gree urch...
( yells in frustration )
Besh...
opar gee urchun...
tomaH te... te...
te-doQ maugh-shta.
Enough.
behind them-- no passion.
but there is no feeling
You say the words,
Having to learn
all this Klingonese isn't
helping my performance.
Believe in where you are.
Do not think of it
as a performance.
Put yourself in this place,
in this time--
a thousand years ago,
the dawn of the Empire.
500 warriors stormed the
Great Hall at Qam-Chee.
The city garrison
fled before them.
Only the Emperor Kahless
and the Lady Lukara
stood their ground.
It was here that they began
the greatest romance
in Klingon history.
This is ridiculous.
Ah!
I'm surrounded by corpses.
My shoes are dripping in blood,
and you want me
to feel romantic?
Why am I putting myself
through this?
Because later that night,
Kahless and Lukara
jumped on each other
like a pair of
crazed voles.
( growling )
Yeah?
One more time.
( frustrated grunt ):
This is the fourth theft
of equipment
from Upper Pylon 3 this month.
I don't know how
they keep doing it.
We've changed the security
protocols three times now.
It's not
the security arrangements
that are at fault here.
It's our friend,
the Chief of Operations.
What did he do?
Miles?
It's what he's not doing.
He still hasn't finished
upgrading the structural
on Upper Pylon 3.
integrity field
So half the bulkheads
are torn open.
A child could find a way
into those cargo bays.
Look, Miles is a very busy man,
he can't be everywhere at once.
Sometimes it seems as though
he's not anywhere at all.
He is doing a superb job under
very difficult circumstances.
Ah...
Growing fond of the Chief,
are we?
What are you talking about?
I've always liked Miles.
You've always
liked the Chief,
but Miles
is a different story.
I am living with him.
Look, I...
I am carrying his baby.
Don't you think that might
change things a bit?
How so?
We're closer.
It-it's like I'm part
of his family.
Which part?
What?
Which part
of his family are you?
Sister? Daughter? Cousin?
the criminal activities report?
Could we concentrate on
Of course.
any further disparaging remarks
And I'll refrain from making
about the Chief.
I mean, Miles.
( growls )
This consorting
with a... Ferengi
is outrageous!
You forget yourself,
Thopok.
You are the Commander
of the Lady's Guard,
nothing more.
Do not presume
to judge her.
( Quark and Grilka laughing )
( shrieks )
Tumek, Maporian
ale for two.
Mistress.
You are an interesting man.
I always thought so.
Not much of a
fighter, of course.
Fortunately for you,
they were only
holo-warriors.
Well, it's the thought
that counts.
Yes, it is.
And what are your
thoughts, Quark?
Why play out one of
the most romantic scenes
in Klingon literature for me?
Why learn to
speak Klingon
and observe our customs?
Why do you pursue me?
I only pursue those things
I wish to acquire.
"Acquire"?
Now you sound like
a Ferengi again.
That means I have a talent
I am a Ferengi.
for appreciating objects
of great value.
you may be worth
And I believe
more than all the latinum
in the Quadrant.
My Kahless.
My Lukara.
( yelling in rage )
mev yap, Thopok!
Forgive me, Mistress,
but I cannot watch
this any longer.
I will not protect a House
where you are welcome,
Ferengi.
You are a coward
and a liar,
and you have no honor.
So tomorrow, you will kill me,
or I will kill you.
Home two hours early?
You better watch it.
I'll get used to this.
Yep. They don't
need me anymore.
Home at 1700
every evening.
( laughing ):
You're such a bad liar.
( door opens )
Hi!
Hi.
KEIKO:
Sit down. You
look exhausted.
Bad day?
Miles, I think this woman
needs one of your famous
neck massages.
M-my hands
are pretty cold.
I'm not in the mood, anyway.
I can see the tension
in your muscles from here.
Um, I'm going to Bajor tomorrow.
No, thanks, really. Oh!
Just for a few days.
Bajor?
I'd take the time and relax.
Yes. I thought
A friend of mine has a house
in the Musilla Province.
It's quiet, remote--
no distractions.
When do you leave?
Perfect!
Uh, first thing in the morning.
W-W-Wait a minute.
What if you go into labor?
You can't go alone.
Well, Julian doesn't think
that's going to happen
for another month.
But he doesn't know for sure.
Miles...
maybe you should
go with her.
I can't go.
What?
I have a botanical pathology
seminar tomorrow,
but you said yourself
things are slow in Ops.
that's a good idea.
I don't think
Me neither.
Miles Edward O'Brien,
are you going to let
the woman carrying
your unborn child
go on a trip
all by herself?
Are you two
fighting again?
Not at all.
No!
Good.
Then it's settled.
Miles, let's pack your bag.
What if I just
do what I did
the last time a Klingon
wanted to kill me?
I...
throw my sword away,
kneel down in front of him
and dare him to execute me.
Yeah.
He'll be humiliated
and slink away
like a scalded targ.
was because Gowron stepped in
The only reason that worked
before he was able to kill you.
and restrained your opponent
No one will stop Thopok.
Dax and I aren't even
able to attend.
So my choices are
to not show up,
be branded a coward
and lose Grilka...
or die?
Yes.
Oh, come on now! There must
be another way out of this!
rituals for everything
You people have
except waste extraction.
You must have a ceremony
or a secret handshake
or something I can do?
I have an idea.
( grunting )
Oh, congratulations.
How do you feel?
Like a puppet...
and I have some complaints
for the puppeteer.
You nearly wrenched my
arm out of its socket.
would not have hurt
The movement
if you were in better
physical condition.
Exercise makes me sweat.
( chuckling ):
You need to get
some sleep.
If your body's
tired tomorrow,
Worf won't even be
able to save you.
Bedtime.
Mm-hmm.
I'm going to for that Ferengi.
I cannot believe the lengths
giving him Grilka.
I'm practically
What is it
you see in her, anyway?
I mean, she's attractive,
but other than that?
It is everything
about her...
the way she
carries herself,
confident and strong.
She commands
those around her.
The proud tilt
of her head...
the way her face betrays
none of her true feelings...
the power of her voice.
And her eyes-- as hard
as separ gemstones,
and twice as sharp.
describing a statue.
Sounds like you're
with a woman like that--
What would you do
and clean her every week?
put her up on a pedestal
You do not understand.
If I were in your shoes,
I would be looking for someone
a little more entertaining,
a little more fun,
and maybe even
a little more
attainable.
You are not in my shoes.
Too bad.
You'd be amazed
at what I can do
in a pair of size 18 boots.
He's in position.
Quark, son of Keldar,
why are you here?
To... to ans...
( electronic beeping begins )
To answer the challenge
of Thopok,
to prove my honor...
and to win the favor
of the Lady Grilka.
The challenge has been given
and accepted.
Let no one interfere!
Mok!
( yelling )
Where did you learn to
fight with a bat'leth?
I'm a man of many talents.
( chuckling fiendishly )
( equipment powering down )
No!
Wait!
You damaged the
optronic relay.
Can you repair it?
I don't know.
Well?!
I claim the Right
of... Proclamation.
of the "Right of Proclamation."
I've never heard
Then it has no place here!
It is a Ferengi custom.
I beg to differ!
I am as proud of my heritage
as your are of yours,
and I will not
be denied
to express myself
the opportunity
according to Ferengi custom.
He has shown respect
to our traditions.
( growls )
We will do the same.
What do you need to do?
I must... make a speech.
About what?
About you.
Get on with it!
but he is still alive.
I do not know how,
You must work faster.
I'm going as fast as I can.
Uh...
to this end...
my blade soars...
through the...
aquarium of my soul,
seeking the kelp
of discontent
so that the rocky bottom of love
which must be caught
lie in waiting with...
fertile sand
for the coming seed
of Grilka's affection.
And yet, does this explain
my need for her?
No.
It is like a giant
cave of emptiness
waiting for the bats
of love to hang by...
Well, I guess that's
enough talking.
Now, back to the fighting.
No showing off
this time, Worf.
Just get it
over with.
I was not showing off.
( grunting )
( grunts )
End it!
If you insist.
( grunts )
Maybe not.
Maybe...
I'll just pick up
your sword and...
Give it to you... I guess.
Thopok, your honor
is satisfied.
I return your weapon
and discharge you
from my House.
My lady.
( exhales heavily )
Do-MACH ah chee ghos
eh-PAGH?
( grunts )
( yells )
Congratulations.
You did it.
What does she see
in that parasite?
Who knows? But they're
on the same wavelength,
and at least Quark
can see an opportunity when
it's standing in front of him.
He would have to be
blind not to see it.
MoVas ah-kee rustak.
Computer, bat'leth.
ehpaq kaVeir Lukara.
Kosh tomaH...
Ish-tovee chuCH
thling nuq?
Meklo boH ka Mech.
Te-doQ roos ka
Mech-TOH.
Oh!
( both grunting )
So I guess we're going.
Looks like it.
Tell me about this...
this house we're going to.
It's a gorgeous
200-year-old cottage.
It's filled
with antiques,
sitting in the middle
of a deep, dark forest.
I see.
It's got three fireplaces,
two balconies.
It's, uh, 20 kilometers
from the nearest neighbor,
30 to the nearest town.
( laughs ):
Why am I not
surprised?
It gets worse.
There's a view.
Of what?
Of the Holana River.
You can see it from every room
in the house,
when the stars are out,
and at night,
and you can only hear
rushing water.
romantic spots in all of Bajor.
It may be one of the most
I'm not going.
That's it.
I don't care what Keiko says,
I'm not going. You go.
and then I'll, I'll tell her
that you left without me.
I'll wait an hour
about the departure time.
a miscommunication
That there was
She'll probably accuse us
You think she'll buy it?
of behaving like children,
of having another fight,
but I can handle that.
The important thing is
that we don't go anywhere
near that place together.
You are absolutely right.
In fact, I'm going
to go to the capital
and see Shakaar.
That's the best idea
you've had all week.
Have a good trip.
Thanks.
It would've been nice.
In another life.
Let's not even think
about it.
All right.
Let's not.
Miles...?
Yes, Nerys?
Get out.
Right.
( sighs )
A compound fracture
of the right radius,
two fractured ribs,
torn ligaments,
strained tendons,
numerous contusions,
bruises and scratches.
What have you been doing?
what have we been doing?
You mean,
( both laugh )
Never mind.
that particular image
I don't need
running around my head.
I'll just treat you.
( door opens )
What happened to you two?
We, um...
Well, um, if you
must know...
No!
I don't need that image either.
No, uh...
asking that question altogether.
In fact, I'm going to stop
People can come in,
I will treat them,
and that's all.
Please... have a seat.
I'll be with you in a minute.
( both sigh )
You do realize
that, according to
Klingon tradition--
According to tradition,
we have to get married.
But, as you
keep insisting,
you are not a
traditional woman.
The truth is, Worf,
at heart, you're not
much of a traditional man.
You might be right.
How do you wish
to proceed?
I don't know.
You must have some idea.
You were the...
Aggressor?
Yes.
And now there
are questions
that must be answered.
Mmm.
I don't feel like
answering questions.
Why don't we just take it
one day at a time
and see what happens?
I, uh, do not like
the uncertainty
of that arrangement.
One thing's for certain...
you've stopped thinking
about Grilka.
( both laughing )